These instructions are for the arpoise version of porpoise!

===PorPOISe installation instructions===

Copy the contents of this directory to somewhere on your system. 

Make the subdirectory "web/" accessible through the web server. 

If you have server administrator rights you
should be able to make a new virtual host or virtual directory for this. If you
only have regular user rights and you are on a UNIX-like system you can make a
symbolic link ('ln -s') to the "web/" directory from a place in your home
directory that is accessible through the web server. If you have only have FTP
access or are not on a UNIX-like system you must put PorPOISe into a
web-accessible directory but then you MUST change some settings to avoid
security issues (see next step). You may also want to take this step to make
future upgrades easier.

After unzipping/uploading/copying the release files, take the config/ directory
and move it someplace where it is not reachable through the web. Remember where
you put it and open the file config.php. Change the constant
PORPOISE_CONFIG_PATH to where you put the config directory and you should be
good to go. From here on we shall refer to this path as "yourconfig". For
experimentation, you can leave the config location alone. However, if you
store database credentials in the config file, please make sure that the config
file is not accessible through the web or you will expose your database
password.

Open "http://yourhost/yourdirectory/web/porpoise.php" and check that you get
JSON output telling you that the parameter "userId" is missing. If you see
this, PorPOISe works. If you get a 404 error, check your paths. If you get a
403 error, check your file permissions.

You are now set up to create layers. The README file has more details on
creating layers in the config file.

In order to use the google maps functionality you need to store your own google
maps key in "web/dashboard/mapskey.inc.php".

If you plan to use the dashboard, generate a password for user "default" (or
the username of your choice) and store it in "web/dashboard/users.inc.php". You
can use the tool in web/dashboard/crypt.php to generate passwords.

If you plan to use the dashboard in conjunction with XML files, you have
to make your XML files writable for the web server. You can make the files
writable by all if you trust all users on your system to behave, othwerwise you
have to come up with a more restrictive setup (such as granting only rights to
the web server user through ACLs or assigning the files to the web server's
group and granting group write permissions).

Contact arpoise.com and request to configure your layer in the arpoise directory service,
use the web location of porpoise.php as your POI URL and see what it looks
like!

The dashboard is accessible as http://yourhost/yourdirectory/web/dashboard/
